chore(website): MockFunctionAPI admonitions (#13594)
facebook/jest: docs/MockFunctionAPI.md

Does everything that [`mockFn.mockClear()`](#mockfnmockclear) does, and also removes any mocked return values or implementations.

This is useful when you want to completely reset a _mock_ back to its initial state.

:::note

> Resetting a _spy_ will result in a function with no return value.

Reviewer: Similar to below:

```suggestion
Resetting a mock created with `jest.spyOn()` will result in a function with no return value.
```

:::

> The [`resetMocks`](configuration#resetmocks-boolean) configuration option is available to reset mocks automatically before each test.

Reviewer: Perhaps all of "The X configuration option is available..." (see `mockClear`, `mockReset`, `mockRestore`) could become a `tip` box? Fells like this could work. What you think?
